So, previously, you tried making header bubble responses, and we did a really good job with that. The only issue is when a user isn't logged in. Um, I'm noticing that it just looks a bit off. So when a user is logged in, it looks absolutely fantastic. We have the hamburger icon that drops down, inflections. Um, we have the dark mode, light mode switch, and we have the notifications. So there's just a few things that we need to fix around here. So the first thing we wanna do here is we wanna move the dark mode and light mode button into the hammer icon. Um, somewhere in that list, when we are on smaller screens, like, at the same time that we switch the main header buttons, like deal room, virus, read, holes, all those buttons into the hammer icon menu, that's when we move the brightness icon in there as well. Notification icon can always stay out. That's okay. And then when a user's logged out, the issue that we're running into here is that we have login button, sign in button, and a contact button. For this, what we actually need is we need the three... we need the hamburger icon here as well. Actually, what we want here is we wanna have the sign up button for sure on mobile screens in the header. The login button can be moved into the hamburger menu icon. We don't currently have that displayed when the user's logged out, but we should display and kinda make these UI changes. So we should have the login button in there when the user's logged out. Obviously, we won't have, like, the log out button, the admin button won't exist, um, profile button, And con... yeah. The contact us button should exist. The login button should exist. Um, the sign up button should be outside of the icon visible for the users. Um, obviously, a notification icon won't exist when they're logged out. And the last and final thing that we have to do for this is... I noticed that when we are logged in... now this is where we're switching because now we are we are logged in. If I click the notifications, um, it appears off the screen to the left, especially for the the mobile screens. It seems fine for a good while. Um, but because it drops down and appears to the left of it, eventually, it gets to the point where it's off the screen. So we just have to adjust this. Like, we just have to make sure it's always visible on the screen, um, one way or another. But, I mean, the the bell icon, when you click on it and the notification drop down comes on, it looks fantastic. It looks great. Alright. Let's see what we can do.